README.md, before:

# turbo-robot


## Password Generator - Challenge Assignment 3 Javascript

- *What was your motivation?*  I wanted to a way to generate a random password
-*Why did you build this project?*  To show people projects that I have been involved in creating.
- *What problem does it solve?*  It solves the problem of trying to explain what I've created and how I did it, instead of trying to explain it all, I can show them.
- *What did I learn?* I learned if and else if statements as well as arrays in javascript. I learned math.random and math.floor and how to apply them.  I learned about the different kinds of popup windows and how to implement them and how to use the confirm popup as a true/false. I learned that the possibilites of what I can do with javascript at this point are only limited by my imagination.




## Installation

*What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.*

Go to   and the page should load and function properly. 

Alternatively, if you wish to download the files then you shoud do the following:
Download the index.html file as well as the assets folder and the project should work and function properly. 

## Usage

*Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.*

To use the website, you click on the "Generate Password" button and it will provide you with a prompt to select how long the password will be. Following that you will get 4 popups asking what kind of characters you wish to have in the password (lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers and special characters). Once those have been selected you will get one last popup with the created password for you.

Below is a screenshot of what the website should look like.


![alt text](assets/images/)


## Credits

Commit message:

updated readme file with links and credits

README.md, after:

# turbo-robot


## Password Generator - Challenge Assignment 3 Javascript

- *What was your motivation?*  I wanted to a way to generate a random password
- *Why did you build this project?*  To show people projects that I have been involved in creating.
- *What problem does it solve?*  It solves the problem of trying to explain what I've created and how I did it, instead of trying to explain it all, I can show them.
- *What did I learn?* I learned if and else if statements as well as arrays in javascript. I learned math.random and math.floor and how to apply them.  I learned about the different kinds of popup windows and how to implement them and how to use the confirm popup as a true/false. I learned that the possibilites of what I can do with javascript at this point are only limited by my imagination.



## Installation

*What are the steps required to install your project? Provide a step-by-step description of how to get the development environment running.*

Go to https://stephenfudge.github.io/turbo-robot/  and the page should load and function properly. 

Alternatively, if you wish to download the files then you shoud do the following:
Download the index.html file as well as the assets folder and the project should work and function properly. 

## Usage

*Provide instructions and examples for use. Include screenshots as needed.*

To use the website, you click on the "Generate Password" button and it will provide you with a prompt to select how long the password will be. Following that you will get 4 popups asking what kind of characters you wish to have in the password (lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers and special characters). Once those have been selected you will get one last popup with the created password for you.

Below is a screenshot of what the website should look like.


![alt text](assets/images//03-javascript-homework-demo.png)


## Credits
I used w3schools and MDN to assist with the arrays and how to combine several inputs through concactenate. I also used Stack Overflow https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46827994/remove-commas-after-javascript-push-function-in-object to assist with removing the commas from the final password.
